[MRG] MNT create issue templates with automatic tagging (#16053)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/usage_question.md

---
name: Usage question
about: If you have a usage question

> title: "[SO]"

Reviewer: Title tag not needed?

labels: question
assignees: ''

---

** If your issue is a usage question, submit it here instead:**
- **StackOverflow with the scikit-learn tag: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scikit-learn**
- **Gitter: https://gitter.im/scikit-learn/scikit-learn**

> - **Mailing List: https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/scikit-learn**

Reviewer 2: Just a comment / question : the order means a priority? Which of those channels is the most reliable for the core-devs? That one should go first, probably...

Author: I did not put any order indeed.

Even if I am sometimes disappointed with some SO answers, this might be the channel the most reliable to get an answer fast (maybe the wrong one :)).

Author: I put it in the order that I would think the best but this is opened to discucssion :)

Reviewer 3: I think we should favor SO first because of google-ability and reuse of past answers.

- **For more information, see User Questions: http://scikit-learn.org/stable/support.html#user-question**

> We are going to automatically close this issue if this is not link to a bug or

Reviewer 4: I don't understand this. As a user, am I allowed to submit a question here or not? Which questions are accepted?

Author: Basically I wanted to check if we could directly redirect users to a proper channel (SO or mailing list) instead of getting a bug fix report. But I am happy removing it or getting an alternative.

Reviewer 4: I'm happy to keep this, but maybe say:

```
The issue tracker is used only to report issues and feature requests. For questions, please
use either of the above platforms. Most question issues are closed w/o an answer on this
issue tracker. Thanks for your understanding.
```

---
name: Usage question
about: If you have a usage question
title: ''
labels: question
assignees: ''

---

> **If your issue is a usage question, submit it here instead:**

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
**If your issue is a usage question, please submit it in one of these other channels instead:**
```
